Gender neutral writing (#1578)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x04b-Mobile-App-Security-Testing.md

- **Intelligence Gathering** - analyzing the **environmental** and **architectural** context of the app to gain a general contextual understanding.
- **Mapping the Application** - based on information from the previous phases; may be complemented by automated scanning and manually exploring the app. Mapping provides a thorough understanding of the app, its entry points, the data it holds, and the main potential vulnerabilities. These vulnerabilities can then be ranked according to the damage their exploitation would cause so that the security tester can prioritize them. This phase includes the creation of test cases that may be used during test execution.
- **Exploitation** - in this phase, the security tester tries to penetrate the app by exploiting the vulnerabilities identified during the previous phase. This phase is necessary for determining whether vulnerabilities are real and true positives.

> - **Reporting** - in this phase, which is essential to the client, the security tester reports the vulnerabilities. This includes in detail the exploitation process, classifies the type of vulnerability, documents the risk if an attacker would be able to compromise the target and outlining what data the tester has been able to access illegitimately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reporting** - in this phase, which is essential to the client, the security tester reports the vulnerabilities. This includes the exploitation process in detail, classifies the type of vulnerability, documents the risk if an attacker would be able to compromise the target and outlines which data the tester has been able to access illegitimately.
```
